Vienna, 1 november 2001
FreeJ 0.2.2 "ETNA" release

This new release includes a bugfix for quickcams: done one  month  ago
when Asbesto and Isabella came to me with a  small  logitech  usb  cam
asking how to use it into a performance next week: well here we go  ;)
having the hardware has been pretty easy  to  work  out  the  support.

Other than this, i'm working on a new liveset soon to  be  represented
the first time in Bari (Italy):  http://tubocatodico.dyne.org  -  into
this i plan to use UHF waves from italian television (which especially
in the south is FILLED of weird tv broadcast you would never  believe)
as  "FreeJ  videos",  to  represent  the  interferences  done  on  the
television waves by the performers... well that's just one part of it!
so here we go with TV tuner  support  on  FreeJ,  with  the  extensive
frequency tables i took from Xawtv  and  originally  coded  by  Nathan
Laredo you can stick an antenna into your bttv and have the  WEIRDO-TV
ready to be showed to your friends.

and now a FRIENDLY TIP:
After you discover that WEIRDO-TV is very amazing you can try to  take
FreeJ code, make a simple non-interactive application out  of  it  and
present it to the "software art" contest on  the  next  year  festival
Transmediale.03 in Berlin! you will for sure see it mentioned as Art,
while right now they say FreeJ is  just  a  tool...   well  after  all
somebody gotta do it, right? so go there and win, it's free software!

Well, trying to not mention that free software programming to me right
now means hard life, have a look on http://dynebolic.dyne.org: it's  a
live bootable CD GNU/Linux based  with  a  good  hardware  recognition
mechanism, this let's you have FreeJ, MuSE  and  HasciiCam  (and  even
Mozilla) working on a PC in a blink of an eye!  no need to install  or
delete something on you harddisk, no need to configure anything.   I'm
trying to make my day with  it  so  there's  no  downloadable  ISO:  i
can just send packages of 50 CDs or more so that you can  redestribute
it as you want (yes, that's GPL!).

Ups!  i'm just forgetting to write about  other  new  things  in  this
release: a nifty status line (does yellow fits to it?) that tells  you
what you are doing and a bugfix which was resulting in  a  crash  when
adding a 16bpp-only filter on  a  32bpp  screen  (Absdiff  filter  for
instance). Plus the same old code cleanups.

Thanks for this release go to Mag-One for listening  to  my  "sclero":
now i promise i'll never be so depressed and never be submitting again
to Art contests (did i really wrote that now?) and i'll be a good  guy
and soon have a job and cut my hair.

cheers.

--
jaromil
